definitive arms AK x9 it's always an
exciting time when a gap is filled with
in the gun industry pistol caliber
carbines have been gaining in popularity
and so it was only a matter of time
before someone found a way to make an AK
work in 9-millimeter the AK x9 fills
that niche with a reliable fun to shoot
gun and they've been able to do so by
using a combination of gun specific
parts that are dedicated to make it run
as flawlessly as an AK should after
throwing several hundred rounds
downrange I didn't have a single
malfunction what's more this rifle has
been tested with and designed for many
different types of ammunition pushing
the reliability envelope even further
the gun is accurate straight out of the
box with an 11 inch barrel and a 110
twist I was able to hit tight groups all
day long out to 30 yards all around the
gun is extremely well made and without
infamous take a wobble the trigger has a
short pull allowing the shooter to send
lead downrange quickly I have to admit
that while I was bummed that they
couldn't incorporate the curved magazine
that you generally see on an AK I
totally understand the reasons why they
went with a 32 round cult stick mag they
are more plentiful more affordable and
it helped definitive design the bolt
hold-open that we've all come to rely on
the gun is easy to use and a shooter
friendly for example the magazine
release can be easily found without
taking your right hand off the grip
allowing you to remain on target this
makes changing magazines a breeze and as
the release is pushed the mag drop site
without the slightest hint of friction
or resistance and after you insert the
new mag simply reach up and push the
bolt release with your left hand to send
a round into the chamber breaking the
gun down is simple making it easy to
clean but perhaps the most appealing
aspect of this firearm is just how
customizable it is even to the point of
turning it into a short-barreled rifle
or an SDR the rifle comes with a 5 inch
barrel extension which once removed
reveals a threaded suppressor ready
barrel the folding and retractable
stocks can be easily swapped out with
the use of a pig nose adaptive the
definitive arms AK x9 is available as a
pistol or rifle with the price changing
a little bit depending on what options
you choose
there are a plethora fixed folding
wooden and other spots available in
addition to the pistol definitive arms
is one of the top AK builders in the
country and this gun lives up to the
standards it's not cheap though
depending on your options it goes for
around eighteen hundred dollars thanks
for watching make sure you check out the
full review on guns calm there's a link
right below this video for it and don't
forget to subscribe to our YouTube
channel